CAIAN KELLER CARDOSO
GitHub|Portfolio|Linkedin|caiankardoso@gmail.com| Tel.: +55 13 98127 4272| SP, Brazil
FULLSTACK DEVELOPER
WORK EXPERIENCE
Okuyama | Full Stack developer (Remote |Freelanceproject)
Website and android app for organisation of orders to delivery (intern use).
February 2021 - May 2021 | São Paulo, SP
● Concepted the system design, successfully supplying the needs of the store.
● Strong two-way communication with workers to improve functionalities.
● Developed a Node app using a real time library, Socket.io and PostgreSQL database.
● Designed and coded a highly dynamic front-end page using jQuery and Bootstrap.
● Built an Android application using React Native for quick access to the system.
● Planned a schedule and good adherence to it.
PERSONAL PROJECTS
Vorwärts | Full Stack developer (Open source project)
Trying to change the way public domain digitals books are handled nowadays with technology.
September 2021 - Present | Author
● Architecting a free API for download, fetch and publish of public domain books in Node.
● Building a front-end page with React containing interactive documentation, dashboardfor
contributions and library.
● Overcoming challenges and constantly bringing new ideas and solutions.
Oﬃcial site →|GitHub Repository
Eighty Four | Full Stack developer
A nosedive-inspired app (social media with rating system) with Spotify integration.
August 2021 - December 2021 | Author
● Developed a frontend app using the latest technologies, like MUI, Redux and RTK-Query.
● Built an API in Node following best practices in mongoose, dotenv, JWT authentication
ﬂow and bcrypt encryption.
● Designing a ﬂuid, modern, responsive and easy interface.
● Integrated the project with third party APIs, like the Spotify API to fetch, display and play
songs.
App →|GitHub Repository|API Documentation
FastJobs | Full Stack developer (Final Project |VocationalSchool, Computer Science)
Social entrepreneurship app (Online platform for ﬁnding nearby freelance workers).
February 2018 - December 2018 | São Paulo, SP
● Developed the CRUD web application in PHP (OOP), CSS framework Materialize and
MySQL.
● Keen attention to the user interface, code quality and adherence to the planned project.
EDUCATION
ETEC Heliópolis VocationalSchool, Computer Science | Fev. 2016 - Dec. 2018
Final Projectreceivesmaximum scoreandentrepreneurs'interest.
TECHNICAL SKILLS AND TOOLS
● Python, Javascript (React, Node).
● REST API, JSON and GraphQL (apollo).
● Docker, Git and Npm/Yarn.
● Problem-solving skills.
● True passion.